PR #182 split - info.description template review (part 3 of 3) (#214)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md

### Mandatory template for `info.description` in CAMARA API specs

The documentation template below must be used as part of the API documentation in `info.description` property in the CAMARA API specs:

```
### Authorization and authentication

The "Camara Security and Interoperability Profile" provides details of how an API consumer requests an access token. Please refer to Identity and Consent Management (https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/) for the released version of the profile.

> The specific authorization flows to be used will be agreed upon during the onboarding process, happening between the provider of the application consumig the API and the operator's API exposure platfom, taking into account the declared purpose for accessing the API, whilst also being subject to the prevailing legal framework dictated by local legislation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific authorization flows to be used will be agreed upon during the onboarding process, happening between the provider of the application consuming the API and the operator's API exposure platform, taking into account the declared purpose for accessing the API, whilst also being subject to the prevailing legal framework dictated by local legislation.
```

### Mandatory template for `info.description` in CAMARA API specs

The documentation template below must be used as part of the API documentation in `info.description` property in the CAMARA API specs:

```
### Authorization and authentication

> The "Camara Security and Interoperability Profile" provides details on how a client requests an access token.

Reviewer 2: replace "client" by "API consumer"

Can this text be more explicit and say "how an API consumer SHALL request an access token" ?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/214/commits/00bac931568697c72ba5cbfcfea76e83fffc8329. I've restored the link to the ICM WG, which I missed. I prefer to keep it as well. It was a change originally requested in #182.

> The specific authorization flows to be used will be determined during the onboarding process, happening between the API client and the operator exposing the API, taking into account the declared purpose for accessing the API, whilst also being subject to the prevailing legal framework dictated by local legislation.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/214/commits/00bac931568697c72ba5cbfcfea76e83fffc8329

> The specific authorization flows to be used will be determined during onboarding process, happening between the API client and the telco operator exposing the API, taking into account the declared purpose for accessing the API, whilst also being subject to the prevailing legal framework dictated by local legislation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The specific authorization flows to be used will be determined during the onboarding process, happening between the API client and the operator exposing the API, taking into account the declared purpose for accessing the API, whilst also being subject to the prevailing legal framework dictated by local legislation.
```

Can we drop telco, since these APIs can be provided by MSOs and other non-telco operators?

Also the missing "the" was in my initial comment.
